Bitcoin (BTC) is a consensus network that enables a new payment system and a completely digital currency. Powered by its users, it is a peer to peer payment network that requires no central authority to operate. On October 31st, 2008, an individual or group of individuals operating under the pseudonym "Satoshi Nakamoto" published the Bitcoin Whitepaper and described it as: "a purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash, which would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution."
Ethereum (ETH) is a smart contract platform that enables developers to build decentralized applications (dapps) conceptualized by Vitalik Buterin in 2013. ETH is the native currency for the Ethereum platform and also works as the transaction fees to miners on the Ethereum network.Ethereum is the pioneer for blockchain based smart contracts. When running on the blockchain a smart contract becomes like a self-operating computer program that automatically executes when specific conditions are met. On the blockchain, smart contracts allow for code to be run exactly as programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third-party interference. It can facilitate the exchange of money, content, property, shares, or anything of value. The Ethereum network went live on July 30th, 2015 with 72 million Ethereum premined.
XRP is an independent digital asset that is native to the XRP Ledger. With governance and fast transaction confirmations, XRP is said to be the most efficient settlement option for financial institutions and liquidity providers seeking global reach, accessibility, and fast settlement finality for interbank flows.According to Ripple, those who use the digital asset XRP to source liquidity can reportedly do so in seconds. The team at Ripple hopes to enable the world to move value like it already moves information on the web today.
Bitcoin Cash (BCH) is hard fork (a community-activated update to the protocol or code) of Bitcoin that took effect on August 1st, 2017 that increased the block size to 8MB, to help the scale the underlying technology of Bitcoin.Nov 16th 2018: BCH was hard forked again and split into Bitcoin SV and Bitcoin ABC. Bitcoin ABC became the dominant chain and took over the BCH ticker as it had more hashpower and majority of the nodes in the network.
Tether (USDT) is a cryptocurrency with a value meant to mirror the value of the U.S. dollar. The idea was to create a stable cryptocurrency that can be used like digital dollars. Coins that serve this purpose of being a stable dollar substitute are called “stable coins.” According to their site, Tether converts cash into digital currency, to anchor or “tether” the value of the coin to the price of national currencies like the US dollar, the Euro, and the Yen.Tether (USDT) is issued on the Omni, TRON, and ETH blockchains. For details on the issuance across the different chains, please refer to: https://wallet.tether.to/transparency
Litecoin is a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency created by Charlie Lee. It was created based on the Bitcoin protocol but differs in terms of the hashing algorithm used. Litecoin uses the memory intensive Scrypt proof of work mining algorithm. Scrypt allows consumer-grade hardware such as GPU to mine those coins.
Bitcoin SV stands for Satoshi Vision.Stemming from Bitcoin Cash, BSV is a hard fork (community-activated update to the protocol or code) established as distinct from BCH after the network upgrade scheduled for November 15th, 2018 resulted in a hash war determining the chains would be split. According to their website, the Bitcoin SV project is primarily backed by CoinGeek Mining with development work by nChain.
EOS.IO is a blockchain protocol powered by the native cryptocurrency EOS. The protocol emulates most of the attributes of a real computer including hardware (CPU(s) & GPU(s) for processing, local/RAM memory, hard-disk storage) with the computing resources distributed equally among EOS cryptocurrency holders. EOSIO operates as a smart contract platform and decentralized operating system intended for the deployment of industrial-scale decentralized applications through a decentralized autonomous corporation model. The smart contract platform claims to eliminate transaction fees and also conduct millions of transactions per second. EOS (EOS) is software that introduces a blockchain architecture designed to enable vertical and horizontal scaling of decentralized applications. The EOS software provides accounts, authentication, databases, asynchronous communication and the scheduling of applications across multiple CPU cores and/or clusters.
Binance Coin (BNB) is the cryptocurrency of the Binance platform. The name "Binance" is a combination of binary and finance. As of 2019, many businesses accept BNB as a form of payment.
Developed by ex-Morgan Stanley analyst Arthur Breitman. Tezos (XTZ) is a multi-purpose platform that supports dApps and smart contracts. It aims to combine a self-correcting protocol and on-chain governance to manage network modifications. Tezos is powered by XTZ, which is created through 'baking'. Bakers put up deposits and are rewarded for signing and publishing blocks. Witnesses then validate the blocks. Dishonest bakers lose their XTZ deposits. Tezos uses delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS) and supports Turing complete smart contracts. Tezos is implemented in the OCaml programming language, which is said to offer 'functional, imperative, and object-oriented styles'.
Cardano (ADA) is a decentralized platform that will allow complex programmable transfers of value in a secure and scalable fashion. It is reportedly the first blockchain platform to evolve out of a scientific philosophy and a research-first driven approach, and one of the first to be built in the Haskell programming language. Cardano is developing a smart contract platform which seeks to deliver more advanced features than any protocol previously developed.  The development team consists of a large global collective of expert engineers and researchers. The protocol reportedly features a layered blockchain software stack that is flexible, scalable, and is being developed with the most rigorous academic and commercial software standards in the industry. Cardano will use a democratic governance system that allows the project to evolve over time, and fund itself sustainably through a treasury system.
Monero (XMR) is a private, secure, and untraceable cryptocurrency that was launched April 18th, 2014. With Monero, it is said you are in complete control of your funds and privacy no one else can see anyone else's balances or transactions.
The Stellar network is an open source, distributed, and community owned network used to facilitate cross-asset transfers of value. Stellar aims to help facilitate cross-asset transfer of value at a fraction of a penny while aiming to be an open financial system that gives people of all income levels access to low-cost financial services. Stellar can handle exchanges between fiat-based currencies and between cryptocurrencies. Stellar.org, the organization that supports Stellar, is centralized like XRP and meant to handle cross platform transactions and micro transactions like XRP. However, unlike Ripple, Stellar.org is non-profit and their platform itself is open source and decentralized. Through the use of its intermediary currency Lumens (XLM), a user can send any currency that they own to anyone else in a different currency. Stellar was founded by Jed McCaleb in 2014. Jed McCaleb is also the founder of Mt. Gox and co-founder of Ripple, launched the network system Stellar with former lawyer Joyce Kim. Stellar is also a payment technology that aims to connect financial institutions and drastically reduce the cost and time required for cross-border transfers. In fact, both payment networks used the same protocol initially.
Chainlink (LINK) is a decentralized oracle service, which aims to connect smart contracts with data from the real world. Since blockchains cannot access data outside their network, oracles are needed to function as data feeds in smart contracts. Oracles provide external data (e.g. temperature, weather) that trigger smart contract executions upon the fulfillment of pre-defined conditions. Participants on the Chainlink network are incentivized (through rewards) to provide smart contracts with access to external data feeds. Should users desire access to off-chain data, they can submit a requesting contract to ChainLink’s network. These contracts will match the requesting contract with the appropriate oracles. The contracts include a reputation contract, an order-matching contract, and an aggregating contract. The aggregating contract gathers data of the selected oracles to find the most accurate result.
TRON (TRX) strives to build the future of a truly decentralized internet and global free content entertainment system that utilizes blockchain technology. The TRON Protocol represents the architecture of an operating system based on the blockchain which could enable developers to create smart contracts and decentralized applications, freely publish, own, and store data and other content. According to the TRON Foundation, the ecosystem surrounding this network specializes in offering massive scalability and consistent reliability capable of processing transactions at a high rate via high-throughput computing.
Ethereum Classic is a decentralized blockchain platform that lets anyone build and use decentralized applications that run on blockchain technology. Like Bitcoin, no one controls or owns Ethereum Classic – it is an open-source project built by people around the world. Ethereum Classic was designed to be adaptable and flexible, with the goal of making it easy to create new applications on the Ethereum Classic platform
Huobi Token (HT) is an exchange based token and native currency of the Huobi crypto exchange. The HT can be used to purchase monthly VIP status plans for transaction fee discounts, vote on exchange decisions, gain early access to special Huobi events, receive crypto rewards from seasonal buybacks and trade with other cryptocurrencies listed on the Huobi exchange.
UNUS SED LEO (LEO) is a cryptocurrency token and operates on the Ethereum platform. UNUS SED LEO has a current supply of 999,498,892.9. The last known price of UNUS SED LEO is $1.04 USD and is down -0.99% over the last 24 hours. It is currently trading on 25 active market(s) with $11,799,472.46 traded over the last 24 hours. More information can be found at https://www.bitfinex.com/.
Dash (DASH) describes itself as digital cash that aims to offer financial freedom to everyone. Payments are fast, easy, secure, and with near-zero fees. Built to support real-life use cases, Dash aims to provide a fully-decentralized payments solution. Users can purchase goods at thousands of merchants and trade it at major exchanges and brokers around the globe. Dash has -- since its creation in 2014 -- introduced features such as:- Two-tier network with incentivized nodes and decentralized project governance (Masternodes)- Instantly settled payments (InstantSend)- Instantly immutable blockchain (ChainLocks)- Optional privacy (PrivateSend)
Neo describes itself as an open-source platform driven by the community. It utilizes blockchain technology and digital identities to digitize and automate the management of assets using smart contracts. Using a distributed network, it aims to create a smart economy by building infrastructures of the next-gen Internet and creating a solid foundation for mass blockchain adoption. Learn more at (https://neo.org)
Crypto.com was founded in 2016 with the goal of accelerating the world’s transition to cryptocurrency. Key products include: the Crypto.com Wallet & Card App, a place to buy, sell, and pay with crypto, the MCO Visa Card, a metal card with no annual fees, and the Crypto.com Chain, which reportedly enables users to pay and be paid in crypto, anywhere, for free. Crypto.com is headquartered in Hong Kong with a team size of 120+. For more information, please visit: www.crypto.com
HedgeTrade aims to become a platform where the world’s best traders share their knowledge. Traders post predictions into a smart contract-powered Blueprint that users can purchase or unlock in order to access. Traders are rewarded if the Blueprint is correct otherwise the user's purchase is refunded. HedgeTrade aims to revolutionize social trading using blockchain technology.
Cosmos (ATOM) is a cryptocurrency. Cosmos has a current supply of 237,928,230.822 with 190,688,439.2 in circulation. The last known price of Cosmos is $2.43 USD and is up 1.65% over the last 24 hours. It is currently trading on 122 active market(s) with $152,239,386.631 traded over the last 24 hours. More information can be found at https://cosmos.network/.
IOTA (IOTA) is a distributed ledger for the Internet of Things that uses a directed acyclic graph (DAG) instead of a conventional blockchain. Its quantum-proof protocol, Tangle, reportedly brings benefits like 'zero fees, infinite scalability, fast transactions, and secure data transfer'. The IOTA Tangle is a Directed Acyclic Graph which has no fees on transactions and no fixed limit on how many transactions can be confirmed per second in the network; instead, the throughput grows in conjunction with activity in the network; i.e., the more activity, the faster the network.
Maker is a smart contract platform on the Ethereum chain that backs and stabilizes the value of stablecoin DAI through a dynamic system of Collateralized Debt Positions (CDP), autonomous feedback mechanisms, and appropriately incentivized external actors. MKR tokens are created or destroyed in accordance with price fluctuations of the DAI coin in order to keep it as close to $1 USD as possible, and is part of a fully inspectable system on the Ethereum blockchain. MKR tokens are also used to pay transaction fees on the Maker system, and provides holders with voting rights within Maker’s continuous approval voting system.
Launched in 2016 by Zooko Wilcox-O’Hearn and based on the Zerocoin protocol, Zcash (ZEC) is a decentralized and open-source privacy-focused cryptocurrency that enables selective transparency of transactions. Zcash transactions can either be transparent or shielded through a zero-knowledge proof called zk-SNARKs. This allows the network to maintain a secure ledger of balances without disclosing the parties or amounts involved. Instead of publishing spend-authority and transaction values, the transaction metadata is encrypted and zk-SNARKs are used to prove that nobody is being dishonest.
Ontology describes itself as a provider of high-performance public blockchains, which includes distributed ledger and smart contract systems.The Ontology blockchain framework reportedly supports public blockchain systems that can be customized for different applications. Ontology supports collaboration among chain networks with its various protocol groups.Ontology aims to constantly provide common modules on the underlying infrastructure for different kinds of distributed scenarios, such as those for the distributed digital identity framework and distributed data exchange protocol. Ontology intends to continue developing new common modules based on specific scenario requirements. Ontology uses a dual token (ONT and ONG) model. ONT is a coin and can be used for staking in consensus, whereas ONG is a utility token used for on-chain services. ONT releases ONG periodically.
NEM (XEM), which stands for New Economy Movement, is a dual-layer blockchain that is written in Java and launched in 2015. The NEM mainnet supports multiple ledgers and has a NEM Smart Asset system, where nodes on the NEM blockchain process API calls. Its native currency is XEM, is 'harvested' using its POI (Proof-of-Importance) algorithm. The 'importance' of NEM users is determined by the number of coins they have and the number of transactions associated with their wallet. NEM also has an encrypted P2P messaging system, multisignature accounts, and an Eigentrust++ reputation system.
USDC is a fully collateralized US dollar stablecoin. It is an Ethereum powered coin and is the brainchild of CENTRE, an open source project bootstrapped by contributions from Circle and Coinbase. USDCs are issued by regulated and licensed financial institutions that maintain full reserves of the equivalent fiat currency in a 1 USDC:1 USD ratio. Issuers are required to report their USD reserve holdings frequently, and Grant Thornton LLP issues reports on those holdings every month.
Led by Brendan Eich (creator of JavaScript and co-founder of Mozilla), Basic Attention Token (BAT) project is an open-source, decentralized ad exchange platform built on the Ethereum platform. The project seeks to address fraud and opaqueness in digital advertising.The token aims to correctly price user attention within the platform. Advertisers pay BAT to website publishers for the attention of users. The BAT ecosystem includes Brave, an open-source, privacy-centered browser designed to block trackers and malware. It leverages blockchain technology to anonymously and track user attention securely and rewards publishers accordingly.
VeChain is an enterprise-focused blockchain ecosystem that aims to enhance supply chain management by connecting blockchain technology with the real world through 'a comprehensive governance structure, a robust economic model, and advanced IoT integration'. VeChain enables manufacturers to assign products with unique identifiers on the platform, thereby allowing participants to track the movement and provenance of products in a supply chain.  Started in June 2015, VeChain describes itself as 'a pioneer of real-world applications using public blockchain technology, with international operations in Singapore, Luxembourg, Tokyo, Shanghai, Paris, Hong Kong, and San Francisco'
OKB (OKB) is a cryptocurrency token and operates on the Ethereum platform. OKB has a current supply of 300,000,000 with 60,000,000 in circulation. The last known price of OKB is $4.88 USD and is up 2.23% over the last 24 hours. It is currently trading on 50 active market(s) with $124,896,958.623 traded over the last 24 hours. More information can be found at https://www.okex.com/.
Based on the popular "Doge" Internet meme and featuring a Shiba Inu on its logo, Dogecoin (DOGE) is a cryptocurrency that was forked from Litecoin in Dec 2013. Dogecoin has been used primarily as a tipping system on Reddit and Twitter to reward the creation or sharing of quality content. Dogecoin was created by Billy Markus from Portland, Oregon and Jackson Palmer from Sydney, Australia. Both had envisaged Dogecoin as a fun, light-hearted cryptocurrency that would have greater appeal beyond the core Bitcoin audience.
FTX is owned by FTX Trading LTD, a company incorporated in Antigua and Barbuda. FTX was incubated by Alameda Research, a cryptocurrency liquidity provider. FTX’s leveraged tokens aim to provide a clean, automated way for users to get leverage. FTT is the FTX ecosystem utility token.  Holders of FTT reportedly receive benefits such as:- Weekly buying and burning of fees- Lower FTX trading fees- OTC rebates- Collateral for futures trading- Socialized gains from the insurance fund
Algorand (ALGO) is a cryptocurrency. Users are able to generate ALGO through the process of mining. Algorand has a current supply of 3,234,131,559.025 with 702,859,716.025 in circulation. The last known price of Algorand is $0.190284 USD and is up 1.45% over the last 24 hours. It is currently trading on 77 active market(s) with $44,324,343.774 traded over the last 24 hours. More information can be found at http://algorand.foundation.
Qtum (QTUM) is a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) smart contract blockchain platform and value transfer protocol. In PoS, node operators are rewarded for validating transactions. Qtum is built on Bitcoin's UTXO transaction model, with the added functionality of smart contract execution.
Paxos Standard (PAX) is a stablecoin that allows users to exchange US dollars for Paxos Standard Tokens to 'transact at the speed of the internet'. It aims to meld the stability of the dollar with blockchain technology. Paxos, the company behind PAX, has a charter from the New York State Department of Financial Services, which allows it to offer regulated services in the cryptoasset space.
Decred (DCR) is an open-source, Bitcoin fork that places emphasis on development funding, on-chain governance, and consensus mechanisms.Launched in Feb 2016 by the Bitcoin developers behind btcsuite (an alternative full-node Bitcoin implementation written in Go (golang), Decred successfully orchestrated an on-chain user-activated consensus vote, which is emblematic of the project's emphasis on community-driven stakeholder governance. Other features of the project include a hybrid proof-of-work (PoW) proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus voting system, a public proposal platform, smart contracts, cross-chain atomic swaps, and cross-platform wallets .
ICON is a decentralized blockchain network focused on interoperability. With ICON’s “blockchain transmission protocol”, independent blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum can connect and transact with each other. This opens up cross-chain use cases that are impossible without an interoperability layer like ICON.ICON Network describes itself as a general-purpose blockchain protocol based on the native cryptocurrency ICX that can run smart contracts, adopt the BFT-DPoS (Delegated Proof-of-Stake) consensus protocol, and use an economic-governance protocol called DPoC (Delegated Proof-of-Contribution). The ICON Network is powered by a proprietary blockchain engine called 'loopchain' and has the ability to handle hundreds of transactions per second. The ICON project was started to ensure the integrity and transparency of data shared between institutions and companies, and to move mutual assets on heterogeneous blockchains without a centralized organization. In the long term, ICON Network aims to become an 'interchain' that connects multiple blockchains based on BTP technology.The ICON blockchain is powered by loopchain, a blockchain engine designed by ICONLOOP. ICONLOOP is responsible for loopchain’s government and enterprise adoption in South Korea. Loopchain is the Seoul Metropolitan Government’s standard blockchain platform.
0x (ZRX) is an open-source protocol that provides smart contract infrastructure and liquidity to enable the peer-to-peer exchange of tokens on the Ethereum blockchain. ZRX is the token that allows 0x users to vote on Improvement Proposals that evolve the system over time. ZRX token holders can also delegate ZRX to market maker staking pools to earn protocol liquidity rewards (in ETH). For more info about the ZRX token, watch the official explainer video and visit the official portal.- ZRX Portal: (https://0x.org/zrx)- Video: (https://youtu.be/-UMhhM5z7cc)
Bitcoin Gold (BTG) is a fork of Bitcoin that occurred on October 24, 2017 on block 419406. Bitcoin Gold changed Bitcoin’s proof-of-work algorithm from SHA256 to Equihash rendering specialised mining equipment obsolete in an attempt to democratise the Bitcoin mining process.
Lisk (LSK), founded in early 2016 by Max Kordek and Oliver Beddows and headquartered in Zug, Switzerland, is a blockchain application platform that seeks to make blockchain technology more accessible to the masses. Lisk focuses on user experience, developer support and in-depth documentations. Lisk’s SDK kit is written in JavaScript so as to allow developers to easily build blockchain applications on the Lisk blockchain and even deploy their own sidechain linked to the Lisk network. The open source Lisk blockchain platform is powered by Lisk (LSK) tokens and operates under the Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) consensus model to allow for its network to be secured by democratically elected delegates.
Ravencoin (RVN) is an open-source blockchain project that specializes in the creation and peer-to-peer transfer of assets. Ravencoin enables users to create and trade any real-world (e.g. commodities) or digital (e.g. virtual goods) assets on a network. The core developers launched Ravencoin on 3 Jan 2018. The project has some prominent backers: Bruce Fenton, Board Member of The Bitcoin Foundation, advises the team while Overstock has made a multi-million dollar investment into the project.
TrueUSD is a USD-pegged stablecoin, that provides its users with regular attestations of escrowed balances, full collateral and legal protection against the misappropriation of the underlying USD. TrueUSD is issued by the TrustToken platform, the platform that has partnered with registered fiduciaries and banks that hold the funds backing the TrueUSD tokens. The USD funds are regularly verified in scheduled attestations, and kept in third party escrow accounts such that TrustToken has no direct access to the funds.
Synthetix Network Token (SNX) is a cryptocurrency token and operates on the Ethereum platform. Synthetix Network Token has a current supply of 181,593,659.215 with 180,344,914.867 in circulation. The last known price of Synthetix Network Token is $0.690994 USD and is down -5.16% over the last 24 hours. It is currently trading on 19 active market(s) with $2,410,257.485 traded over the last 24 hours. More information can be found at https://www.synthetix.io/.
ZB Token (ZB) is an exchange token and the native currency of the ZB.COM crypto exchange. The ZB can be used to purchase monthly VIP status plans for transaction fee discounts, vote on exchange decisions, gain early access to special ZB launchpad events, receive crypto rewards from seasonal buybacks, and trade with other cryptocurrencies listed on the ZB exchange.
Waves Platform’s mission lies in creating an ecosystem that aims to accelerate the shift from centralized to decentralized systems and an emphasis on the individual’s control of their own funds and assets, personal data, and privacy. Waves Platform describes itself as an open network for Web 3.0 applications and custom decentralized solutions, with a range of purpose-designed tools for making the process of developing and running dApps easy and accessible. Launched in 2016, Waves has since released several blockchain-based solutions. Waves’ technology is designed to address the needs of developers and companies that want to leverage the properties of blockchain systems – including their security, auditability, verifiability and the trustless execution of transactions and business logic.Waves Platform claims to provide everything required to support the backend of Web 3.0 services. In 2017, Waves launched its mainnet with LPoS, decentralized exchange DEX, and later the Waves-NG protocol. In 2018, the Waves development team delivered the first implementation of smart contracts. This was followed by the release of the RIDE programming language in 2019, Strightforward, Predictible and Failproof language for programming logic. In June 2019 the mainnet of Waves Enterprise, a global private blockchain solution, was launched. All of this is complemented with a broad infrastructure: an IDE for sandbox development, tools, SDKs, libraries, frameworks, and protocols for convenient and easy integrations.Waves Platform consists of three core layers:Protocol layer: LPoS, Waves-NG, fixed fees, easy mining start, various transactions modelsInfrastructure layer: Keeper for private key management, IDE for sandbox development, smart-contracts programming language RIDE and other tools for dApp development, API’s, libraries, tools, and frameworks.Application layer: basic core open-source apps (decentralized exchange, mobile apps, and voting) and various dApps running on the network.
Augur (REP) is meant to harness the wisdom of the crowd through prediction markets on a protocol owned and operated by holders of the Ethereum-based Reputation token. In these markets users are said to be able to bet on the outcomes of events such as company performance, election results or even natural phenomena by purchasing shares that would either support or refute the proposed outcomes of such specified events. By design, the user-created markets could return fees to market participants while automating payouts using software meant to be fair, open to all, and completely decentralized.
OmiseGO believes that having access to financial services can create economic opportunities and improve lives. OmiseGO was established with a mission to enable people to securely offer and access financial services, as well as exchange and spend digital assets anytime and anywhere. The permissionless OmiseGO Network aims to enable instant, peer-to-peer transactions in real-time, facilitating financial services across geographies, asset classes, and applications. The OmiseGO eWallet Suite allows users to build and integrate a front-end interface for different types of digital transactions. Its team offers tailored and technical consulting services to provide future-ready solutions for an increasingly digitalized economy. Founded in 2017, OmiseGO is headquartered in Bangkok and is a subsidiary of Omise Holdings Pte., Ltd.
Dai is decentralized and backed by collateral. The Maker Protocol, which allows anyone anywhere in the world to generate Dai, aims to facilitate greater security, transparency, and trust.
Bitcoin Diamond (BCD) is a hard fork of Bitcoin. The fork occurring at at block height 495866, implemented changes including a new proof of work algorithm to deter attacks on the network and segregation of transaction signatures from transactions on the chain for additional capacity allowing a greater number of transactions per second on the network as a whole.
Hedera describes itself as a decentralized public network that aims to allow anyone to transact, play, and socialize in a secure, trusted environment.
THETA (THETA) is an open source protocol that powers a decentralized streaming network. It will allow for decentralized apps (DApps) to be built on top of the platform to enable use cases that span esports, entertainment, and peer-to-peer streaming. SLIVER.tv’s DApp was the first application built on the Theta network leveraging its existing user base of millions of esports viewers. In Nov 2018, Tencent Games announced a collaboration with SLIVER.tv to bring Theta rewards to Ring of Elysium players. The founding team has a combined 30+ years of experience in the video streaming space with advisors including Steve Chen, Co-Founder of YouTube, and Justin Kan, Co-Founder of Twitch.
Launched in 2015, Nano describes itself as an open source, sustainable, and secure next-generation digital currency focused on removing perceived inefficiencies present in existing cryptocurrencies. Designed to solve peer to peer transfer of value, Nano aims to revolutionize the world economy through an ultrafast and fee-less network that is open and accessible to everyone. Nano is reportedly able to offer fast and feeless transactions due to the Block Lattice - a data structure in which all accounts each have their own blockchain, rather than competing with others on a central chain. Consensus is generated through representative voting, where accounts can freely choose their representative at any time with an update of their account chain, thereby providing more control for users to decide who validates transactions.Each component of the protocol was created with the long term goals of decentralization and accessibility in mind. By creating a system where representatives are not paid to operate, the incentive to participate in the network is shifted to indirect, operational cost savings. The team claims that this change in incentive model is more efficient and removes one of the factors driving centralization in other systems because participants are not encouraged to interact beyond their direct needs and supporting the network, and thus economies of scale become less critical.
Holochain (HOT) is a decentralized application platform that uses peer-to-peer networking for processing agent-centric agreement and consensus mechanisms between users. In Holochain, no true global consensus is maintained. Instead, each agent in the public blockchain maintains a private fork that is managed and stored in a limited way on the public blockchain with a distributed hash table. This enables every device on a network to function independently, and only requires the synchronization of data when necessary, or agreed upon by users. This could translate into higher scalability for dapps hosted on Holochain. The Holo ecosystem relies on hosts that provide processing and storage for distributed applications while earning redeemable credits. Holochain Dapps can be developed with JavaScript or Lisp, with support for front-end systems using CSS, HTML, and JavaScript.
MonaCoin (MONA) is an open source peer-to-peer payment network. It was thrust into the limelight when it was featured on WBS TV Network Tokyo, which reported a man purchasing a plot of land in Nagano with MonaCoin. The idea of MonaCoin was conceived from a Japan-based bulletin board called 2-Channel (2?????) by a user who goes by the handle of 'Mr Watanabe'.
Kucoin Shares (KCS) is an exchange based token and native currency of the Kucoin crypto exchange. Holders of the token are able to reap the rewards from the success of the exchange as 50% of its overall trading fee revenue is shared with holders through the tokens. Rewards, received in the form of dividends, are proportionate to the amount of Kucoin Shares one holds.
DxChain Token (DX) is a cryptocurrency token and operates on the Ethereum platform. DxChain Token has a current supply of 100,000,000,000 with 49,999,999,999.686 in circulation. The last known price of DxChain Token is $0.001513 USD and is up 0.92% over the last 24 hours. It is currently trading on 7 active market(s) with $284,148.161 traded over the last 24 hours. More information can be found at https://dxchain.com/.
Created in 2012, Bytecoin (BCN) describes itself as a private, decentralized cryptocurrency with an open source code. The main goal of the project is to facilitate fast, anonymous, and untraceable transactions. Bytecoin claims to be the first project to implement CryptoNote technology. Its security reportedly comes from using ring signatures to protect a sender's identity and unlinkable addresses to prevent blockchain analysis. Bytecoin claims to have a block time of 2 minutes and adaptive parameters that are designed to make it easy to mine. Recent additions to Bytecoin technology include Auditable Wallets, which reportedly enables secure, publicly observable deposits, and Blockchain Gateways, a means of connecting Bytecoin's blockchain with other blockchains.
Siacoin (SC) aims to provide an open-source low-cost solution for cloud storage, offering encryption and distribution of files chosen for storage by users across a decentralized network of peers. User-controlled private keys give the assertion that no third parties should have access to or control over data stored on the network. As a result, the cloud storage marketplace made available to users of the Sia blockchain is meant to be highly redundant, completely private, and more affordable than many alternatives.
Kyber Network’s on-chain liquidity protocol allows decentralized token swaps to be integrated into any application, enabling value exchange to be performed seamlessly between all parties in the ecosystem. Tapping on the protocol, developers can build payment flows and financial apps, including instant token swap services, erc20 payments, and innovative financial dapps - helping to build a world where any token is usable anywhere.
NEXO (NEXO) is a compliant token that is backed by the underlying assets of Nexo’s loan portfolio. NEXO reportedly provides regular passive income to token holders in the form of 30% from the company’s profits. The latest dividend payout to NEXO Token Holders on August 15, 2019 was reportedly for $2,409,574.87. The token also offers discounted interest rates (-50%) on Nexo’s Instant Loans. The NEXO Token can also be used as collateral on the platform (https://nexo.io) in addition to BTC, ETH, XRP, LTC, NEXO, BNB and several major stablecoins.
Founded in Singapore in Dec 2014, DigixDAO (DGD) is building a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) that specializes in the tokenization of physical assets. The project provides the infrastructure to create tokens backed by physical assets on the blockchain. To wit, it allows for the public verification of an asset’s existence through its chain of custody via its Proof of Provenance (PoP) protocol, which makes use of the Ethereum network and the Interplanetary File System (IPFS). Digix also offers an API that enables other applications to be built on top of its asset tokenization service. Digix has 2 cryptocurrencies, Digix Gold (DGX) and DigixDAO (DGD). The company reportedly procures its gold from LBMA-approved refiners. For security, Digix includes third-party auditing from Bureau Veritas. The DGD crowdsale in Mar 2016 was the first crowdsale and major DAO hosted on the Ethereum network.
The Nervos Network describes itself as an open-source public blockchain ecosystem and collection of protocols. The Nervos CKB (Common Knowledge Base) is the layer 1, proof of work public blockchain protocol of the Nervos Network. It reportedly allows any crypto-asset to be stored with the security, immutability and permissionless nature of Bitcoin while enabling smart contracts and layer 2 scaling. It aims to capture the total network value through its "store of value" crypto-economic design and native token, the CKByte.
Molecular Future describes itself as a one-stop digital asset investment service platform jointly invested by Molecular Group, CHINA FORTUNE (00110.HK), Eagle Fund, HBCC Investment, XBTING Foundation, HCASH Foundation, and Collinstar Capital.Molecular Future APP provides three major products:- FundsCurrent Fund, ETF, CTA, Hedge Funds and Quantitative Funds;- CryptoCurrency pledge: Cryptocurrency mortgage -  includes lending and borrowing;- Molecular fission: Daily dividends when users hold MOF, which can be used for financial management
Horizen describes itself as an inclusive ecosystem where everyone is empowered and rewarded for their contributions. Horizen’s scalable platform enables businesses and developers to quickly and affordably create public or private blockchains. Horizen’s Sidechain SDK provides the necessary components for the quick and easy deployment of a customizable blockchain.
Since its founding in 2009, Enjin has launched a gaming community platform called the Enjin Network and has grown it to approximately 20+ million users. In 2017 following an ICO that reportedly raised $18.9 million, Enjin has been building a suite of user-centric blockchain products that aims to enable anyone to create, manage, trade, store, explore, distribute, and integrate blockchain assets. The Enjin ecosystem (comprising the Enjin Platform, Explorer, Wallet, Beam) aims to empower gamers with ownership of digital assets and enables game industry businesses to increase revenue. Enjin’s tools and services can also be used by companies seeking to create blockchain products or utilize tokenized digital assets as part of their acquisition, retention, engagement, and monetization strategies.The Enjin ecosystem is fueled by Enjin Coin (ENJ), an Ethereum-based cryptocurrency used to directly back the value of blockchain assets. According to the team, there are currently millions of ENJ locked in blockchain-based digital assets. For more information, please visit https://enjin.io.
Crypto.com was founded in 2016 on a simple belief: it’s a basic human right for everyone to control their money, data and identity. With over 1 million users on its platform today, Crypto.com provides a powerful alternative to traditional financial services, turning its vision of ”cryptocurrency in every wallet” into reality, one customer at a time. Crypto.com is built on a solid foundation of security, privacy and compliance and is the first cryptocurrency company in the world to have CCSS Level 3, ISO27001:2013 and PCI:DSS 3.2.1, Level 1 compliance. Crypto.com is headquartered in Hong Kong with a 170+ strong team. For more information, please visit www.crypto.com.
Established in early 2017, the Bytom (BTM) Blockchain project was launched to develop a protocol that could tokenize assets from the physical world and represent them in the digital world on a decentralized network. Aiming to help businesses and individuals to register and exchange assets such as securities, bonds, deeds and various types of information, the Bytom blockchain uses a proof-of-work protocol that designed to enable customized contracts, promote AI technology, and provide unique identifiers for assets following a standardized naming convention.
BitTorrent aims to tokenize the decentralized file-sharing protocol with their cryptocurrency asset launched early in 2019. BTT represents a TRC-10 utility token based on the TRON blockchain that could allow content creators to connect with their audience, earn and spend digital currency without a middleman. According to their website, BitTorrent (BTT) tokens can be bid in exchange for faster downloads or stored in a wallet built into the BitTorrent client.Both BitTorrent and parent company TRON share a vision of a decentralized internet without barriers.
DigiByte is a rapidly growing open-source blockchain created in late 2013 and released in early 2014. According to the DigiByte.io website, it claims that after 6 years of forward-thinking development, DigiByte has become one of the safest, fastest, longest and most decentralized UTXO blockchain in existence. DigiByte is global in 100+ countries.
v.systems describes itself as a blockchain infrastructure provider with a focus on database and cloud services. Powered by the Supernode Proof-of-Stake (SPoS) consensus algorithm, each supernode is elected in a decentralized network according to Proof-of-Stake (PoS) principles. According to the team, it provides high-performance minting, transaction processing, and smart contract functions. VSYS is the native currency for the v.systems blockchain platform with use cases such as transactions, staking, and minting on the network.The v.systems team aims to deliver decentralized cloud database technology with high scalability, durability, and performance. With Sunny King as the lead architect, v.systems has already designed and implemented SPoS Consensus, which the team claims to be an efficient distributed consensus algorithm with resistance to 51% attacks. The network plans to operate as a cloud platform based on modular systems that can support efficient and agile development of a host of applications such as finance (DeFi), entertainment, and social network.
Komodo describes itself as an open, composable multi-chain platform. With blockchain development roots going back to 2014, Komodo is reportedly one of the pioneers of multi-chain architecture in the blockchain space. As of Aug 2019, Komodo focuses on providing business-friendly blockchain solutions that are secure, scalable, interoperable, and adaptable. Komodo's current technology suite, the Antara framework, offers tools for end-to-end blockchain development, including a customizable, application-specific Smart Chain complete with a library of built-in modules and an open API for building blockchain-based applications.
HyperCash (HC), formerly known as Hcash, was designed to facilitate value transfers across different blockchains. It supports zero-hash proofs, DAO governance, and quantum resistance. HyperCash offers two types of wallets: white and black. White addresses are publicly viewable, while black addresses will remain private. The use of zero-knowledge proofs masks the identity of the sender and receiver while verifying transactions. Hcash uses a hybrid blockchain/DAG network and a hybrid PoW/PoS consensus model for governance.
Bitshares (BTS), formerly known as ProtoShares, is a peer-to-peer distributed ledger and network that can issue collateralized market-pegged smart coins known as bitAssets. For instance, it can issue crypto-based assets, denominated by “bitAsset”, that track real-world markets like the USD, such as the bitUSD. Each smart coin has at least 100% of its value backed by the BitShares’ native currency, the BTS, which can be converted at any time at an exchange rate set by a trustworthy price feed. Bitshares was created by Dan Larimer, the co-founder of EOS, Steemit, and Cryptonomex. BitShares also has its own decentralized exchange.
Swipe is a multi-asset digital wallet application and Visa debit card that enables users buy, sell, and spend various cryptocurrencies. Swipe utilizes the Ethereum blockchain to operate the Swipe Network.Swipe uses a two-layer approach for its users to combine off-chain and on-chain function on its platform which is powered by the Swipe Token (SXP). For off-chain usage, supported cryptocurrencies can be instantly converted to fiat and used on point of sale. When the Swipe Network is activated in the platform, users receive a smart contract wallet which uses SXP directly on-chain to perform its functions. As functions are being called on the Swipe Network, 80% of those SXP fees are automatically burned creating a deflationary supply model. Users may use SXP today in the following ways:• Currency: When users select SXP as a funding source it may be used on the Swipe Visa card to be converted to Euros and spent at millions of merchants. • Staking: To receive the higher tier cards, discounts, and rewards enhancements, users must stake SXP which is locked on-chain. • Fees: If the Swipe Network is activated within the platform, users are able to use SXP towards all fees on the platform such as conversion fee and withdrawal fees
The open-source IOST project is meant to meet the security and scalability needs of a decentralized economy by providing blockchain infrastructure that might serve as the architecture for the future of online services. Utilizing factors that include IOST token balances, reputation-based token balance, contributions to the network and user behaviors, their so-called “Proof of Believability” consensus algorithm was developed to ensure the security and efficiency of transactions on the network. The team at IOST recognizes that without sufficient scalability, multinational corporations may not be able to deploy blockchains to service their customers at the level expected today. As such, the teams at IOST propose the Internet of Services Token as a means to reach these ends.
Terra is a stablecoin that achieves price-stability via an elastic money supply, enabled by stable mining incentives.  The protocol ensures price-stability by algorithmically expanding and contracting supply. It also uses seigniorage created by its minting operations as transaction stimulus, thereby facilitating adoption. Pegged to the world’s major currencies, Terra aims to be able to support a global payment network. The team believes that a currency that cannot be used at checkout is useless. Terra is partnered with an alliance of eCommerce platforms, collectively pushing $50 billion in annual transaction volume with 50 million users. Terra aims to become a medium of exchange at a massive scale.
Created in 2014 under its original name of DogecoinDark, Verge (XVG) is an open-source privacy coin with a team of international developers. Verge uses the anonymity tool Tor and an anonymous network layer I2P to hide specific transactions’ IP addresses and locations. Transaction speed on Verge is estimated to be at 5 seconds due to the use of Simple Payment Verification (SPV). The Core QT wallet has built-in TOR integration and SSL encryption which obfuscates the IP addresses of users. The introduction of the Wraith Protocol upgrade enables users to send and receive payments privately across the Verge blockchain by enabling stealth addressing services. Verge users are reportedly able to switch between private and public ledgers on the Verge blockchain. Verge offers five different Proof-of-Work algorithms for mining - Lyra2rev2, Scrypt, X17, blake2s and myr-groestl.
Steem bills itself as 'a social blockchain that grows communities and makes revenue streams possible for users by rewarding them for sharing content'. It also powers real applications via social apps like Steemit. Steem started out as the cryptocurrency on the Steemit platform that rewards users for community building through the upvoting and the posting of meaningful content. Founded in 2016 by Ned Scott and BitShares creator Dan Larimer, the Steemit platform, built atop the Steem blockchain, is a social media network that seeks to be a source of community-driven curated content such as news, Q&A and job boards. The more value a particular piece of content is able to deliver across a greater number of people, the greater the reward received by the creator. Steemit users can cast votes to create a hierarchy of content. The higher the upvote count received on a content piece, the more Steem is earned by its publisher. Steemit’s meritocratic system also enables users that hold more currency to cast more meaningful, greater influence votes.
Introduced in 2017, Zilliqa (ZIL) is centered around the idea of 'Sharding' and was designed to enhance the scalability of cryptocurrency networks such as Ethereum. Sharding is analogous to the concept of 'divide and conquer', where transactions are divided into smaller groups for miners to perform parallel transactional verification. The upshot of this is the ability to reach consensus more quickly, which would increase the number of transactions in a given period. According to the white paper, transactions speed could scale to approximately 1000x that of Ethereum's network. Zilliqa’s high throughput means that developers can focus on fleshing out their ideas rather than worrying about network congestion.
BUSD is a stablecoin issued by Paxos in partnership with Binance.
Seele (SEELE) is a cryptocurrency token and operates on the Ethereum platform. Seele has a current supply of 1,000,000,000 with 699,587,206.289 in circulation. The last known price of Seele is $0.075779 USD and is up 0.38% over the last 24 hours. It is currently trading on 17 active market(s) with $16,204,912.062 traded over the last 24 hours. More information can be found at http://seele.pro/.
ABBC Foundation describes itself as a blockchain solutions provider in the MENA region that targets distribution, finance, shopping, and security. It aims to build a platform to store, secure, trade, and utilize digital assets seamlessly. The company has operating teams based in Dubai, UAE and Minsk, Belarus. ABBC has developed its own digital asset, ABBC Coin. This project has the goal of bringing the 'future of payment security' to its users. With the development of ABBC’s Generation 2 mainnet, its blockchain is now reportedly capable of handling up to 5,000 transactions per second. It implemented a Delegated Proof-of-Stake consensus protocol that confirms transactions on their nodes.
Golem (GNT) is a peer-to-peer decentralized marketplace for computing power. The project aims to be an alternative to centralized cloud service providers with its lower price point and open-source community of developers. The Golem network pools global computing power and enables users to access these resources with GNT. Token holders pay resource owners to complete tasks requiring computational resources. The network is composed of the aggregated power of user devices. Golem is reportedly able to compute tasks that run the gamut from CGI rendering to machine learning. Transactions between participants are deemed to be safe because computations take place in sandbox environments that are sequestered from hosts’ systems.
Aeternity (AE) is a blockchain platform that focuses on high bandwidth transacting, purely-functional smart contracts, and decentralized oracles. It was founded in 2017, and seeks to eliminate inefficiencies in the crypto market by increasing scalability of smart contracts and dApps, sharding, and off-chain contract execution. The Turing-complete smart contracts on the Aeternity chain allow for transaction execution without third parties or intermediaries. Aeternity also has state channels to enable off-chain smart contract settlements which only touch the blockchain should a disagreement in the contract arise, acting as a self-arbitrating crypto court. The Aeternity blockchain is also built upon state-of-the-art cryptographic data structures which give rise to robust efficiency, strong security, and the elimination “single point of failure” (SPOF) issues.
Zcoin (XZC) is an open-source privacy-focused cryptocurrency token that launched in Sep 2016. Zcoin originally pioneered the use of Zerocoin to enable privacy but has since transitioned to a scheme called Sigma which is based on a paper by Jens Groth and Markulf Kohlweiss that reportedly allows greater scalability and removes the need for trusted setup in Zerocoin. With Zcoin’s Sigma feature, only the sender and receiver would be able to ascertain the exchange of funds in a given transaction, as no transaction histories are linked to the actual coins. Zcoin is also the creator of the Lelantus privacy protocol which improves Sigma's privacy and functionality.
Status (SNT) is an open source messaging platform and mobile interface built to interact with applications that run on the Ethereum network. The Status network token (SNT) is a utility token that fuels a decentralized push notification market, governance of the Status client, along with curation of user-generated content on the network. The team at Status hopes to promote adoption of the decentralized web while staying true to principles such as liberty, security, privacy, transparency, inclusivity and censorship resistance.
Aion is the digital asset of The Open Application Network. Aion is used to secure and access The OAN. As a public infrastructure, a global community of individuals, software companies, and institutions secure and maintain the operations of The OAN. These critical functions are enabled and incentivized using Aion.The Open Application Network solves the unintended consequences of platform economies. The OAN is an open source public infrastructure for the creation and hosting of Open Apps. Open Apps are programs that put users back in control and are universally accessible across platforms. The OAN is built on open standards and is owned by everyone that uses it.
Ardor (ARDR) is a blockchain-as-a-service (BaaS) provider that provides the blockchain infrastructure for businesses and institutions to set up their own chains without any need to code or secure it themselves. It has a parent-child chain architecture, comprised of a single chain that is attached with multiple transactional chains, so as to reduce blockchain bloat, provide multiple transactional tokens and host interconnected ‘child chain’ blockchains. Ardor also has a built-in exchange to facilitate the easy exchange of tokens of the various chains.
Chiliz, powering Socios.com, aims to give sports and esports fans the ability to crowd-manage their favorite teams, games, leagues, and events.
WaykiChain(WICC) is a finance-centric public blockchain that provides decentralized finance infrastructure through core-layer implementation of decentralized exchanges (DEX) and crypto-asset backed stablecoin (WUSD) technologies. It adopts the dPoS+pBFT consensus algorithm with 3-second block submission and confirmation speed. It claims to have achieved an average TPS of 3300+, with a peak of 7800+. It also supports a dual-VM environment with LuaVM and WASM VM for smart contract execution.
Matic Network describes itself as is a Layer 2 scaling solution that  uses sidechains for off-chain computation while ensuring asset security using the Plasma framework and a decentralized network of Proof-of-Stake (PoS) validators. Matic aims to be the de-facto platform on which developers will deploy and run decentralized applications in a secure and decentralized manner. Matic Network claims to have worked on implementations of Plasma MVP (Minimum Viable Plasma), WalletConnect protocol, and the Ethereum event notification engine - Dagger. Matic intends to provide Matic wallet, payment APIs and SDKs, products and other solutions that will allow developers to design, implement, and migrate DApps built on platforms like Ethereum. Matic plans to support other blockchains in the future to offer interoperability alongside scalability to existing public blockchains.
RIF (Rootstock Infrastructure Framework) is a third layer on top of Bitcoin that provides a wide range of solutions based on blockchain technology such as payments, storage, and domaining (RNS). It is a tech-stack where the $RIF token is required to use these services. RIF aims to create collaborative marketplaces where individuals interact on a peer-to-peer basis coordinated by immutable smart contracts in order to exchange information, value, and services with full control and transparency.
Ren is an open protocol meant to enable the permissionless and private transfer of value between any blockchain. Ren's core product, RenVM, is focused on bringing interoperability to decentralized finance (DeFi).
iExec claims to have developed the first decentralized marketplace for cloud computing resources. Blockchain technology is used to organize a market network where users can monetize their computing power, applications, and datasets. By providing on-demand access to cloud computing resources, iExec is reportedly able to support compute-intensive applications in fields such as AI, big data, healthcare, rendering, or FinTech.The iExec network is made up of computing resource providers. Computing power providers are called ‘iExec Workers’. As workers, users can connect their machines and be rewarded in RLC tokens for contributing resources to the network. Application providers can monetize their applications and algorithms. Data providers who own valuable datasets can make them available for use by applications through iExec. The iExec consensus protocol ‘PoCo’ (Proof of Contribution) provides consensus over off-chain computing and can also be used to integrate decentralized oracles with iExec.	iExec believes that its strength lies in trusted off-chain computing. Its representative heads the ‘Trusted Compute Working’ group within the Ethereum Enterprise Alliance. It has partnered with Intel to release a 'trusted compute' solution for blockchain (TEE using Intel SGX).  Other iExec collaborators include Alibaba Cloud, IBM, Genesis Cloud, EDF electrical utility company, EEA, and Ubisoft. iExec was one of the contributors to the Trusted Compute Framework (Hyperledger Avalon) alongside Microsoft, Intel, ConsenSys, Envision, PegaSys, and Kaleido. iExec is working with various organizations and consortiums with the goal of providing scalable, secure and easy access to the services, datasets, and computing resources.
aelf is an open-source blockchain network designed as a complete business solution. The structure of ‘one main-chain + multiple side-chains’ can support developers to independently deploy or run DApps on individual side-chains to achieve resource isolation. aelf technology adopts Parallel Processing & AEDPoS Consensus Mechanism. Based on the cross-chain technology of the main-chain index and verification mechanisms, aelf achieves secure communication between the main-chain and all side-chains, as a result, allows direct interoperability between side-chains.aelf meets the governance needs of varying applications by providing different models, including a Parliament Governance Model, an Association Governance Model, and a Referendum Governance Model. Through the incentive model, the network is equipped with a self-sustainable system and can roll out self-development on a practical basis. Simultaneously, developers can debug, develop and deploy applications based on a mature IDE, provided by aelf.aelf has launched aelf Enterprise, an enterprise-level integrated blockchain solution. aelf Enterprise is based on the requirements of different business scenarios. To meet the requirements of several industries including supply chain management, credit establishment, user incentives, and property protection, aelf Enterprise provides enterprise-level users with a flexible, but practical modularized blockchain solution. This promotes the hand-in-hand development of both Blockchain and other core economies.
Decentraland (MANA) defines itself as a virtual reality platform powered by the Ethereum blockchain that allows users to create, experience, and monetize content and applications. In this virtual world, users purchase plots of land that they can later navigate, build upon, and monetize. Decentraland uses two tokens: MANA and LAND. MANA is an ERC20 token that must be burned to acquire non-fungible ERC721 LAND tokens.
